Okay,
guys.
So now we're going to discuss that before DoubleClick event.
So before the before double cook event basically executes goto in every double click,
click on a cell in the sheet that you have created the event force or in our case,
here,
we've got a sheet school before double click,
OK,
and we're going to see how that even works.
But before doing that,
I just want to ask you a question.
What happens when you double click on a cell?
Let's try double clicking on a cell and observe what happens.
She can see her that when we double click on a cell,
we enter into edit mode for that cell so you can start typing stuff in the cell.
Okay?
Just getting delete that that's what happens.
That's the default action that happens when you double click on the cell.
So bear that in mind.
Okay,
so now we're gonna go to the events for the before double click she'd here.
I'm going to right click and then view code.
And then from this menu,
I'm going to select worksheet as usual.
And from this menu,
I'm going to select it before DoubleClick event.
I'm gonna delete this worksheet selection change event because we don't need it.
Okay?
And now we can start writing some code.
He can see her that there are two parameters for the before DoubleClick event.
There is the target,
which we all know what it is by now.
It is.
Ah,
a range object.
Okay,
that that refers to the cell that you actually going to double click on.
OK,
and there is the cancel.
I'm going to speak about that in a bit.
Okay,
So let's write an event to trigger some code when double clicking on a certain cell.
so say we want to trigger that code.
If this cell is sell F three for double quick on cell if three.
I want to trigger some coat.
So say I want to create a message box.
Okay,
so I'm gonna first of all,
put a condition here if ah,
target dot,
dot address.
And I'm gonna put a full seer for the rule.
Absolute.
On the Colin upset,
you can put a zero as well.
So zero instead of full schools will work OK equals f three.
Okay,
then.
And let's not forget putting an end.
If than message box.
You double clicked.
Sell at three.
Okay,
so we're gonna have a message box here.
You double clicked cell F three.
So let's check that out.
So I'm going to double click on cell F three.
You can see here that you get a message box,
you double clicked cell F three.
Okay,
so that's what happens.
And you actually enter at it.
Mood as well.
Okay.
You see can see her that in addition to having the message box,
we've entered the edit mode and weaken right stuff in the cell.
Let's do that again.
Okay,
so I'm going to double click on Cell of three.
You can see her.
I got a message box on.
I entered at it mode for the cell.
Okay,
Okay.
So let's go back to our code.
So wouldn't we double click to sell?
We get the message box and we entered edit mode.
So this is where the council comes into play because the cancel it's type,
it's it's an object that it's type is a bullion.
That means it can take values of true or false.
Okay,
the council can control whether we enter into edit mode or not.
so if you put the council equals true,
we're not going to enter into edit mode.
So let's do that here.
If if you put,
cancel equals true.
And we try that again,
sell F three double click on it.
We get the message box.
But we didn't enter edit mode.
OK,
this is how the council works.
Or this is why the council exists so as to either enter into edit mode or not.
Okay,
so if at any point in your code you wanna go back to the default action for double clicking
on the cell,
you can put cancel equals holes,
and that would just put you back to the default action.
Okay,
It will negate.
Ah,
the council equals true line.
You consider a double click.
Okay?
And then we go to the default action.
Okay,
guys.
So one more thing I want to tell you as well is what happens if we put a small laugh here
instead of a capital f on.
That's probably a mistake that people would do.
Ah,
thinking that it would work the same.
So let's try that.
Let's double click on cell F three here and you can see her,
and nothing happened.
The message boxes not appear because the event has not been triggered.
Okay,
so Ah,
that's a common mistake that people could do actually case to make sure that you put a
capital letter when using the dot address property.
Okay.
So let's have a practical application.
Actually,
it's application that I've used personally,
which is when you double click on any of these names,
the name gets selected and gets put in another cell,
okay?
And have used this application on a dashboard before where you double click.
There would be a list of names.
You double click on them on any of them,
and then he would go to that cell,
and this cell would be linked to charts and stuff.
Okay,
so that it would give you stats about that name or the item or whatever,
you know.
So you select on item,
form a list by double clicking on it,
Okay,
so we can do that.
so let's say the name is in this list,
okay?
And,
ah,
we can actually write code to select.
That's OK.
So if so,
if Target thought it's in column.
Oh,
Okay,
So if Target dog column equals Okay,
Colum O is the 15th.
So they started.
Our economy equals 15 and target.
We can actually put it between two rows.
Okay,
target dot ro is greater than or equal to,
and target dot ro is less than or equal to six.
Row is less than or equal to six.
Then we could put range.
L three is equal to target.
Okay.
And if so,
if I click anywhere,
if I double click anywhere,
he won't do anything.
But if I double click on one of those,
you can see here that it's been put in that cell here in south l three and you could put a
council equals true if you don't want to go into edit mode was probably this That is what
you would want to do.
OK,
so double click on the name,
it goes into that cell,
and maybe that cell would be linked to ah chars or to look at functions or whatever on your
dashboard.
OK,
so it's a way of selecting a name from a list,
and you could probably instead of ah,
having a certain defined ah boundary for for Rose Okay,
so maybe the number of roses is variable.
Okay,
Maybe your list could shrink or could expand to maybe get the lost row and do it this way.
so that's a guy's further before DoubleClick event.
Thank you very much for watching this video.
I'll see on the next one.